kenia famous for its big cats the
supreme hunters
[Music]
cheaters specialize in hunting at speed
though fast they're fragile creatures
are built to sprint after small prey
they don't have the strength or weight
of a lion to bring down larger animals
this mail is different he doesn't hunt
alone he's learned that there is
strength in numbers
[Music]
but here there are not just two but
three cheetahs a band of brothers
[Music]
they have changed their tactics and by
doing so have taken their prey by
surprise they have learned that working
together they can bring down large prey
[Music]
an ostrich a bird that towers over a
cheetah and is more than twice as heavy
it can't fly to escape danger but it can
lash out with a deadly kick a female
unaware as yet of any danger even with
three of them this is still highly risky
if one gets injured the other two
couldn't hope to tackle such large prey
[Music]
on the other hand if they get it right
the rewards are huge the male has
spotted one of the brothers but only one
it's not worried
[Music]
then suddenly there are three
the female is slower to realize the
danger and the Cheetahs switched hands
[Music]
it takes the combined effort and weight
of all three brothers to bring down this
powerful birth even now the ostrich
could land a fatal kick
[Music]
so far the brothers are winning
ostriches have yet to find a way to foil
such tactics